# Conversational Chatbot with Sentiment Analysis

This project is a Streamlit application that provides a conversational chatbot interface powered by OpenAI's GPT-3.5 language model. 
The chatbot allows users to have natural conversations and receive responses generated by the language model. Additionally, the application includes 
sentiment analysis functionality to analyze the sentiment of the chatbot's responses.

## Features

- Conversational chatbot interface
- Sentiment analysis of chatbot responses
- Visualization of sentiment analysis results

**Setup**

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    
    **Bash**
    
        git clone https://github.com/your-username/store-helper
    
2.  **Install dependencies:**
    
    **Bash**
    
        pip install -r requirements.txt
    
3.  **Set up environment variables:**
    
    *   Create a `.env` file in the project's root directory.
        
    *   Add the following variables, replacing the placeholders with your actual credentials:
        
    
        OPENAI_API_KEY=<Your OPENAI_API_KEY>

4.  **Run the application:**
    
    **Bash**
    
        streamlit run main.py
## Usage

1. In the Streamlit application, enter your message in the text input field and click the "Send" button to send it to the chatbot.
2. The chatbot's response will be displayed below the input field.
3. To perform sentiment analysis on the chatbot's responses, click the "Perform Sentiment Analysis" button in the sidebar.
4. To visualize the sentiment analysis results as a pie chart, click the "Visualize Sentiment Analysis" button in the sidebar.
